README.md, before:

# Introduction
toolbox of a backend enginner

- [CLI](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#cli)
  - [hstr](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#hstr)

- [Browser](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#browser)
  - [Quick Tabs](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#quick-tabs)
  - [Grammarly](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#grammarly)

- [Mac](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#mac)
  - [Alfred](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#alfred)
  - [⌘英かな](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#%E8%8B%B1%E3%81%8B%E3%81%AA)
  - [Giphy Capture](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#giphy-capture)

- [Database](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#database)
  - [Sequel Pro](https://github.com/arthurbryant/backend-enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#sequel-pro)

- [Security](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#security)
  - [LastPass ](https://github.com/arthurbryant/backend-enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#lastpass)
---

# CLI
## [hstr](https://github.com/dvorka/hstr)
- Introduction

```
Bash and zsh shell history suggest box - easily view, navigate, search and manage your command history.
```

It makes your command line life much easier.

- Usage

```sh
brew install hh

hstr --show-configuration >> ~/.bashrc

# usage
ctrl + r
```

![hstr](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/853200/46192289-7f3a2480-c335-11e8-913c-e1361ce45e00.gif)


# Browser
## [Quick Tabs](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/quick-tabs/jnjfeinjfmenlddahdjdmgpbokiacbbb)
- Introduction

I used this chrome extension every day. Very helpful to let me find my latest used chrome tab.

- Usage

```
- Install chrome extension
- press command + e
```

![quick-tab](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/853200/46192705-f0c6a280-c336-11e8-977f-ad5d3951e5ed.gif)


## [Grammarly](https://app.grammarly.com/)
- Introduction

Free writing assistant. 

- Usage

![grammarly](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/853200/46193690-fec9f280-c339-11e8-9362-3cf49afb5ad5.gif)

# Mac
## [Alfred](https://www.alfredapp.com/)
- Introduction
Perfect replace for default Spotlight search and more.

- Usage

```
command double tap
```

If you pay you can get clipboard

![alfred](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/853200/46510064-9d49dc80-c881-11e8-9b77-b678ebe18444.gif)


## [⌘英かな](https://ei-kana.appspot.com/)
- Introduction

Input method switch between Japanese and English via command key.

- Usage

```
- Install
- Press Command(left) -> change input method to English; press Command(right) -> change input method to Japanese
```

## [Giphy Capture](https://itunes.apple.com/jp/app/giphy-capture-the-gif-maker/id668208984?mt=12)
- Introduction

tool for creating gif

- Usage

Install and use.

# Database
## [Sequel Pro](https://sequelpro.com/)
- Introduction

Best GUI client for MySQL

- Usage

Download and Install

# Security 
## [LastPass](https://www.lastpass.com/)
- Introduction

Password management cloud service.

- Usage

register, setup your LastPass password and that's it.

Commit message:

add chrome extension: create link

README.md, after:

# Introduction
toolbox of a backend enginner

- [CLI](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#cli)
  - [hstr](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#hstr)

- [Browser](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#browser)
  - [Quick Tabs](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#quick-tabs)
  - [Grammarly](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#grammarly)

- [Mac](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#mac)
  - [Alfred](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#alfred)
  - [⌘英かな](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#%E8%8B%B1%E3%81%8B%E3%81%AA)
  - [Giphy Capture](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#giphy-capture)

- [Database](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#database)
  - [Sequel Pro](https://github.com/arthurbryant/backend-enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#sequel-pro)

- [Security](https://github.com/arthurbryant/enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#security)
  - [LastPass ](https://github.com/arthurbryant/backend-enginner-toolbox/blob/master/README.md#lastpass)
---

# CLI
## [hstr](https://github.com/dvorka/hstr)
- Introduction

```
Bash and zsh shell history suggest box - easily view, navigate, search and manage your command history.
```

It makes your command line life much easier.

- Usage

```sh
brew install hh

hstr --show-configuration >> ~/.bashrc

# usage
ctrl + r
```

![hstr](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/853200/46192289-7f3a2480-c335-11e8-913c-e1361ce45e00.gif)


# Browser
## [Quick Tabs](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/quick-tabs/jnjfeinjfmenlddahdjdmgpbokiacbbb)
- Introduction

I used this chrome extension every day. Very helpful to let me find my latest used chrome tab.

- Usage

```
- Install chrome extension
- press command + e
```

![quick-tab](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/853200/46192705-f0c6a280-c336-11e8-977f-ad5d3951e5ed.gif)

## [Create Link \- Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/create-link/gcmghdmnkfdbncmnmlkkglmnnhagajbm?hl=en)
- Introduction

Help you to create link. I set shortcut [Command + g] to create a markdown link on any page. Save me a lot of time.

- Usage

<img width="832" alt="screen shot 2018-10-05 at 9 36 45" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/853200/46510264-cc148280-c882-11e8-85bf-c1f96e639c12.png">


<img width="1662" alt="screen shot 2018-10-05 at 9 37 07" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/853200/46510263-cc148280-c882-11e8-821a-e5abed10a41a.png">


## [Grammarly](https://app.grammarly.com/)
- Introduction

Free writing assistant. 

- Usage

![grammarly](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/853200/46193690-fec9f280-c339-11e8-9362-3cf49afb5ad5.gif)

# Mac
## [Alfred](https://www.alfredapp.com/)
- Introduction
Perfect replace for default Spotlight search and more.

- Usage

```
command double tap
```

If you pay you can get clipboard

![alfred](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/853200/46510064-9d49dc80-c881-11e8-9b77-b678ebe18444.gif)


## [⌘英かな](https://ei-kana.appspot.com/)
- Introduction

Input method switch between Japanese and English via command key.

- Usage

```
- Install
- Press Command(left) -> change input method to English; press Command(right) -> change input method to Japanese
```

## [Giphy Capture](https://itunes.apple.com/jp/app/giphy-capture-the-gif-maker/id668208984?mt=12)
- Introduction

tool for creating gif

- Usage

Install and use.

# Database
## [Sequel Pro](https://sequelpro.com/)
- Introduction

Best GUI client for MySQL

- Usage

Download and Install

# Security 
## [LastPass](https://www.lastpass.com/)
- Introduction

Password management cloud service.

- Usage

register, setup your LastPass password and that's it.
